# Client-server-deployment
In order to write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable, the developer must remember to follow industry's guidelines for best practices in writing code, including in line comments to make sure that others who read the code can understand what is going on, and keeping in mind how this program will implement with other programs. The benefits of working this way is having code that is reausable and easy to understand for other developers. The program will also be easily implemented into other systems with little or no changes needed to it.
A computer scientist should approach a problem by first identifying the needs of the user(s) and getting their specific expectations of the program. Once they have identified all needs and expectations, look at available data and figure out how they can use that data to deliver to the user what they want. My approach in this project differed from other projects in previous courses by forcing me to come up with ways to get the data delivered to the user in a way that is user friendly and easy to understand. Users may request data but can't just use a table so we must try to come up with ways to allow the user to modify the data they are looking at so that it is easy for them to understand which will avoid frustration by them and can give them the data they need for their own needs.
Computer scientists develop applications that deliver data to user(s) in user friendly ways so that those users can then take the data and use it for their own needs, like for a company revenue meeting or for some research. This work would help a company be able to efficiently deliver the data they have to the users which will then use the data for the benefit of the company.
